Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal

Official deed:      https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
Official legalcode: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

This file records, verbatim, the operative terms of the CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain
Dedication under which the Asset Lab 05H base mesh was released by its author (Blender
Studio / the Blender Foundation).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CC0 1.0 Universal

CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL SERVICES.
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer exclusive
Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and subsequent owner(s)
(each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship and/or a database (each, a
"Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the purpose of
contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works ("Commons") that the
public can reliably and without fear of later claims of infringement build upon, modify,
incorporate in other works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form
whatsoever and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes. These
owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the
further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or
greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of additional
consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to
the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work,
voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its
terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the
meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be protected by
copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights"). Copyright and
Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following: reproduction, adaptation,
distribution, performance, display, communication, and translation of a Work; moral rights
retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s); publicity and privacy rights
pertaining to a person's image or likeness depicted in a Work; rights protecting against
unfair competition; rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data
in a Work; database rights; and other similar, related, or compatible rights.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable
law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waives,
abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated
claims and causes of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as
future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii)
for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv)
for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
promotional purposes (the "Waiver").

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally
invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the
maximum extent permitted... Affirmer grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non
transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to
exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty, (iii) in any
current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the
"License").

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.
 a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned, surrendered,
    licensed or otherwise affected by this document.
 b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind
    concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise.
 c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons that may apply
    to the Work or any use thereof.
 d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a party to this
    document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or use of the Work.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Effect for Project: Studio: commercial use, modification, redistribution (including
committing the modified result to this GitHub repository) are all permitted; no attribution
is required. See PROVENANCE.json for the exact asset, source, hash, and audit verdict.
